caption for heatmap: The heatmap reveals a weak negative correlation (r = 0.14) between
foreign_investment and cpi_score. This makes sense as foreign investment drops as
it becomes more apparent that a government is more corrupt. crime_index shows a positive correlation,
suggesting that crime in a nation is not a major factor that decreases foreign investment.

caption for outcome time series: 2023 seems to be the worst recent year for overall foreign investment,
with a sharp drop possibly being caused by the outbreak of the Russian-Ukrainian War. - Note
2014 was also a time of instability, with a sharp drop before recovering, then evening out into a slight
drop before 2020.

caption for dual axis outcome: There are periods where the CPI and foreign investment correlate well,
such as between 2017 and 202, where they both see minor declines, as well as after 2022 when they both
experience sharp declines. 2016 and 2021 are both years where the relationship breaks down, with 2016
seeing growth on one and a decline on the other, and 2021 having a sharp increase in investment as
average CPI stays the same.

caption for lagged effect: The optimal lag is 12 years, with shorter periods having weaker correlations. A greater acceptance of the nation that is being invested in opens up the
country to more foreign investment, only growing as years go by.

caption for group boxplots: China has the highest median outcome, but it is much higher than
everyone else, which might show heteroskedasticity. The group with the lowest outcome is Greece,
which tracks with Greece's financial issues from 2009 to 2018. Most others have very similar median ranges

caption for group sensitivity: Singapore, Sweden, and Ireland seem to be the most sensitive to
CPI, caused by the fact that a change in their CPI alters how people view them financially much more
than other countries we compared them to. Because of this, we should probably include group and driver 
interaction terms.

caption for the two scatter plots:
The scatterplot for the crime index seems to suggest that foreign investment slightly decreases as the the crime rate increases.

the scatterplot for gepu suggests that foreign investment slightly increases as the gepu increases.

caption for the time series decomp: There is something of a clear trend, with relatively regular highs and lows. Seasonal patterns seem strong, as they have a repeating pattern. The residuals resemble the structure of the initial graph.